---
sidebar_position: 10
description: A set of instructions to get up and running fast.
---

# Quickstart

:::Note
If you are simply trying to figure out how to make simple changes to existing documents - such as changing links,
fixing typos or adding a short section, you can do that by editing the markdown file directly on the web using the
`Edit this page` link at the bottom of each page.
:::

## Pre-requisites

Please installing the following programs and tools before creating your module documentation:

Recommended tools:

-   [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)

Required:

-   [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) (version ^18.12.1)
-   [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## Installation and running

1. Clone the repository into a folder of your choosing:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mssfoobar/aoh-docs
```

2. Go into the newly cloned directory:

```bash
cd aoh-docs
```

3. Get the required node dependencies:

```bash title="aoh-docs >"
npm install
```

4. Run the start command to view the Docusaurus site in development mode:

```bash title="aoh-docs >"
npm run start
```

The website should now be open on `http://localhost:3030/aoh-docs/`. Changes you make and save will be automatically
reloaded on the page.

You can now make changes and preview them locally before merging them into the

Next, we will look at how we can add a new section in the navigation bar at the top of the page.

## Creating a new module

To create a new module and make it appear in the navigation bar, you'll have to make 3 changes.

1. Create a new folder for your module documentation files to exist in. Almost always, you'll want to copy this
   documentation folder and use it as a template for your new module. Change the title of the folder accordingly. The
   number in front of the folder name (in this example, it's `91`) is simply for sorting purposes (to control the order
   it is shown in the directory browser). We use bigger numbers so we can insert folders in-between without having to
   rename all subsequent folders in a sequence.

```bash title="aoh-docs >"
cp -r ./docs/99_documentation ./docs/91_my_new_module
```

2. Modify `sidebars.js` to include your new module:

```js title="sidebars.js"
const sidebars = {
    ...
    my_new_module: [
        {
            type: "autogenerated",
            dirName: "91_my_new_module",
        },
    ],
    ...
};
```

3. Modify `docusaurus.config.js` to include the new documentation

If it's not already apparent, the value of `sidebarId` is based on the key for your new module in `sidebars.js`. In
this example, we're using `my_new_module` but you should replace this with a unique name for your module.

You should also choose a short unique label for your module. In this example, we're using `MNM` for (My New Module).

```js title="docusaurus.config.js"
const config = {
    ...
    themeConfig: {
        ...
        navbar: {
            ...
            items: [
                ...
                {
                    type: "docSidebar",
                    sidebarId: "my_new_module",
                    position: "left",
                    label: "MNM",
                }
                ...
            ]
            ...
        }
        ...
    }
    ...
}

```

After making these changes, you'll have to restart the server by pressing `Ctrl + C` and running `npm run start` again.
