---
title: 0.1.0
description: Release
slug: release-0.1.0
authors:
    - name: Dois
      title: Senior Software Engineer
      image_url: https://github.com/DoisKoh.png
tags: ["release", "0.1.0"]
hide_table_of_contents: false
date: 2024-03-21:16:01
---

Happy release day!

## Module Features

#### Dashboarding:

-   Dashboard Selector & List:
    -   A new dashboard selector, with labels, filtering and favoriting has been added.
    -   A dashboard list with a dashboard preview is now available from selecting `Browse All` in the new dashboard selector.
    -   Users' last selected dashboard will now be saved and restored when revisiting the page.
-   The widget preview has been updated to much more accurately reflect how a widget might look in a dashboard.
-   A new full screen mode button has been added that can be activated in view mode (press ESC to exit); this mode hides the side panels and makes the dashboard fill up the entire screen. This is useful for video wall scenarios.

#### Incident Management:

-   Incident page has a new search bar to facilitate better navigation and experience.

#### Record & Replay:

-   Added quick-start & configuration guide in [AGIL Ops Hub Docs](https://mssfoobar.github.io/aoh-docs/docs/category/-guides-2/).

#### Workflow Management:

-   Workflows now support manual switch recovery when none of the switch conditions are met.
-   The workflow management engine now support looping back of processes in workflows.
-   The workflow designer is now integrated as part of the web application (instead of a separate stand-alone service).

## Framework Features

#### Web Application Framework:

-   A new UI State store is now available for developers to restore users' UI states \[[Docs Link](https://mssfoobar.github.io/aoh-docs/docs/web/api/ui_state)\].
-   Streaming subscription variable updates on retires can now be controlled via operation context \[[Docs Link](http://localhost:3030/aoh-docs/docs/web/guides/development#broken-queries-subscriptions-and-retries)\].

#### Service Application Framework:

-   Changes from Hasura GraphQL to pure SQL queries using [sqlc](https://github.com/sqlc-dev/sqlc).
-   Services (starting with `Incident Management` & `Record & Replay`) now support schema migration on service startup using `go-migrate`.
-   Updated _Readme_ with details on how to use `sqlc` & `go-migrate`.

## Fixes

-   Dashboard widget configuration no longer applies to multiple dashboard widgets of the same type when editing one dashboard.
-   GraphQL subscriptions now retry quickly and exponentially backoff correctly, as well as no longer throw errors to `urql`, causing re-subscriptions to occur at the `graphql-ws` level instead of the `urql` level.

    This means subscriptions no longer cause unnecessary errors when JWT tokens expire and the WebSocket closes, and retries are stable.

-   Fixed record & replay sometimes having random time skips.
-   Fixed record & replay UI sometimes not loading correctly.
-   Fixed chat messages sometimes being duplicated or coming in out-of-order.
-   Fixed incident notifications sometimes being duplicated or coming in out-of-order.
-   Fixed map crashing when being accessed directly via URL (but worked when accessed via side menu)
-   Domain used for cookies must now be set explicitly (via the `PUBLIC_DOMAIN` environment variable) instead of implicitly using the top level domain. This allows different versions of the app to be deployed on the same domain (by using separating cookies by sub-domains).

## Release Tags

-   Web: [aoh-web v2.1.0](https://github.com/mssfoobar/aoh-web/releases/tag/v2.1.0)
-   Record & Replay: [ar2-rnr v1.5.0](https://github.com/mssfoobar/ar2-rnr/releases/tag/v1.5.0)
-   Incident Management: [ar2-ims v1.2.0](https://github.com/mssfoobar/ar2-ims/releases/tag/v1.2.0)
-   Workflow Management: [ar2-wfe v1.2.0](https://github.com/mssfoobar/ar2-wfe/releases/tag/v1.2.0)
